feat(charts): cert management security context (#3699)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: helm-chart/values.yaml.changelog.md

Please follow this convention when adding a new row
* `<type: NEW|EDIT|DELETE> - *<resource name>*: <details>`

> ## Upgrading to Renku 0.60.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrading to Renku 0.59.0
```

> * NEW ``global.certificates.securityContext`` has been added to managed security context of the certificates injection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* NEW ``global.certificates.securityContext`` has been added to allow customization of the `securityContext` for the containers managing custom/self-signed Certificate Authorities.
```
